L-Lord Tokito!
Don't underestimate me, you brat!
Where do we go running through
the dark night?
The moonlight is the only guiding light
The pain and sadness can't be wiped away
But I won't let
the blaze in my heart put out
For who do we carry out this will
And tear apart the darkness for?
Under the sunlight
Until the light shines through
Soar above and put on
The fire in your unleashed heart,
now beyond the dawn
Until I can love this world
you are in once again
Even if my life ends, carry on
The miracle that the bond created
EPISODE 9:
MIST HASHIRA MUICHIRO TOKITO
Hey, it's not like I'm underestimating you.
I'm just stating a fact.
You're only going to get beheaded
by me and die anyway.
Because...
for some reason,
I'm really in the zone right now.
I wonder why.
UPPER FIVE
The way you're speaking to me
is disrespectful, you miserable brat!
After only having lived for ten years or so!
UPPER FIVE
Even if that's true, there isn't one thing
about you that I can respect, so...
The way you look and the way you talk...
are both totally creepy.
You can't appreciate my beauty, my grace...
nor my elegance...
because you're uneducated and poor!
Just like a dung beetle can't read
even if you show it a book!
I don't know, you seem
more likely to be living in dung.
Shut up, dung beetle!
Look at you with your short limbs
and undersized blade!
You can't even reach my neck!
No, didn't I just reach it with a vengeance?
And in the first place,
your limbs are shorter.
Oh, wait.
Were you just thinking out loud
about yourself?
Sorry to interrupt.
Hyo, hyo!
My, what a cheap insult!
Did you think that was enough to fluster me?
I can see that you'll do anything to win!
Not a pretty sight!
Hmm... Hmm...
Hyo, hyo!
What is it?
It's really bugging me.
Isn't that vase of yours
kind of misshapen?
It doesn't look symmetrical.
What a piece of crap.
UPPER
That's because your eyeballs are rotten, dammit!
My vase!
How the hell is it misshapen?
Blood Demon Art...
Ten Thousand Gliding Slime Fish!
These 10,000 assassins
will pick you to the bone!
And I'll make you part of one of my works!
Mist Breathing...
Sixth Form...
Lunar Dispersing Mist!
All?
He slashed them all?
That speed and that attack range!
What happened to my poison?
Unexpected!
But even so, no harm, no foul!
Those fish will disperse poison before they turn
to dust after being slashed by that Nichirin Sword!
Transdermal poison no less!
So it can also be absorbed through the skin!
Get hit with that, and you're done!
Mist Breathing...
Third Form...
Scattering Mist Splash!
What the hell?
That one swing blasted them all away!
You can shed your skin, too?
Oh, what a pain in the butt.
Would you mind not dodging
and racing up trees?
Hyo, hyo, hyo, hyo!
Allow me to show you my true form.
Sure.
You're just the third person
to see me in this state.
So a lot of us, huh?
Shut up!
No one has ever lived to tell the tale
after I've started taking it seriously!
That's amazing.
Shut your mouth,
you dim-witted brat!
These translucent scales
are even harder and stronger than diamonds!
I kneaded them myself inside my vase!
Behold my perfect beauty and...
bow down in awe!
Why don't you say something,
you useless puppet!
You really know how to rub someone
the wrong way, brat!
But you just told me to shut my mouth.
Not to mention...
it didn't really surprise me.
Hyo, hyo, hyo!
Didn't you just tell me
not to race up trees?
What a hassle!
No, that was just because it stunk.
I thought my nose was going to fall off.
What do you think of my godlike power?
Everything I touch with my fist
turns into lovely fresh fish!
And this speed!
The flexible, yet tough springs of my body!
Not only that, but these rippling scales
allow me to move without restraint!
Free as a bird!
You're trembling, huh? Are you terrified?
I still wasn't serious
when I launched that attack just now!
Huh?
Even the most jaw-dropping attack
is pointless if you can't land it, right?
Remember...
that boiling fury.
I watched as maggots infested
my beloved brother's body, and he began to rot.
Then, the maggots started on me, as well...
and I found myself on the brink of death.
Boil some water right away!
Apply some clean cloths to the wounds!
Yes!
How's he doing?
He's already passed away!
Don't let the other one die,
no matter what!
Yes!
Brother...
If they hadn't saved me
in the nick of time,
I would've died.
Lord Tokito! You haven't healed yet!
I may have lost my memory...
but my body remembers.
This fury will never leave me until I die.
That's why I worked my way up
by training so hard that I'd vomit blood!
To annihilate the demons!
To wipe them out once and for all!
See me in all my serious glory!
Blood Demon Art...
Killer Fish Scales!
Hyo, hyo, hyo!
Now, what do you say
to my illogical movements?
My scales allow me to move at will!
Impossible to predict!
I love nothing more than going
against the laws of nature!
Now, what kind of art
should I make out of you?
I can rip off that ugly head of yours
and replace it with a lovely fish!
It's over for you!
Mist Breathing...
Seventh Form...
Obscuring Clouds.
No, there he is! Found him!
Not there?
Over there, huh? Hyo, hyo!
You're too slow!
What's this?
How can you vanish?
What's going on here?
Where did he go?
It's like... It's like...
The area's being enveloped in mist!
Hey, so tell me...
What?
What made you think...
Huh?
...that you were the only one
not taking this seriously?
What the hell?
What the hell? I'm upside-down!
What's going on? I can't sense anything!
That little pest is finally showing himself!
I need to make short work of him
and report to Lord Muzan!
Huh?
D-D-D-D-Decapitated?
Decapitated, decapitated, decapitated?
Ridiculous! Impossible! Unbelievable!
What an unheard-of, abnormal situation!
Did I actually lose?
To a child... Me, lose?
Me, of all people?
It's over for you.
Goodbye.
No need to ever be reborn again, all right?
Curses!
This should just never happen!
You, a lowly human!
How dare you slice off my head!
You abominable, low-level life-form!
My life is worth 100 of you and your ilk!
I am one of the chosen, exalted, life-forms!
You're weak! After you're born,
all you do is grow old!
And I took your insignificant,
unimportant life in my hands...
and used my divine hands
to elevate you to a nobler work of art!
You vulgar little maggot—
I've heard enough, so...
could you just go to hell already?
DEMON SLAYER: KIMETSU NO YAIBA
SWORDSMITH VILLAGE ARC
Don't be rigid about how you perceive the world...
Muichiro.
When you've found your unshakable self...
then you can become stronger.
It's just like the Master said.
As long as I have my unshakable self,
I can dig in with both feet with all my might.
As long as I know who I am...
all my doubts and my hesitation...
my frustrations will disappear.
And no demon on earth...
can escape my descending blade.
L-Lord Tokito?
Lord Tokito!
You saved us!
Are you all right?
I'm fine, I'm fine.
Are you sure about that?
Yeah.
I really feel amazing right now.
And I've got to join
Tanjiro and the others right away.
You're looking really pale, you know!
Are you sure you're all right?
I told you, I'm totally fine.
Are you even listening to me?
Huh?
You're heaving!
And you're trembling, aren't you?
Hey you! Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh?
Don't worry about me.
Could you go check on Kotetsu and—
Hey you! Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh?
You're frothing at the mouth!
Whoa!
Lord Tokito!
Oh, crap! Oh, crap! Is he going to die?
What am I supposed to do?
Hey! Somebody!
Mr. Haganezuka!
Dammit! He's not coming, is he?
Well, he did ignore me
even when I was this close to being murdered!
Whoa! He's choking on the foam!
This is bad!
Wh-What... What should I do?
You should lay him on his side.
Huh?
R-Right!
Whoa!
It's the ghost of Young Kotetsu! Whoa!
HYOTTOKO
No, I'm not a ghost
since I'm so not dead.
It's the ghost of Young Kotetsu! Whoa!
No, I'm not a ghost
since I'm so not dead.
HYOTTOKO
No, ghosts are never aware
that they're ghosts! That they're dead!
No, come on, I'm alive.
No, your solar plexus! How could you
possibly be alive after losing all that blood?
This is the blood from the arm they slashed.
It got on me when I was pressing on it.
My arm wound's pretty deep,
and if it doesn't stop bleeding soon,
I might actually die from that.
As for my belly...
that's where I was carrying the hilt
Tanjiro entrusted to me, and it saved me!
He said he wanted it on his new sword.
Let's give it our all together as Hashira!
See?
Everything turned out just fine.
Father...
Mother...
Muichiro...
You did great.
Brother...
Thank you.
There are five wooden dragon heads!
They can expand to about 66 shaku!
All right! That's one thing I've found out!
Hinokami Kagura...
Clear Blue...
M-My eardrums just burst!
I'm so dizzy...
I can't get up! It's no good!
Get on your feet!
Hurry!
Here comes an attack!
HATRED
It can use the powers
of the four Emotion demons, too!
Not only that, but it's raised
its attack power, too!
No time to use breathing skills!
I can't heal!
I can't handle the attacks anymore...
even if I anticipate them!
I'm so winded!
But if I can get 66 shaku away,
I can somehow...
All right, I can do it from here!
UPPER FOUR
It's stretching!
Make a move!
Slash it!
It's hopeless!
I'm getting crushed!
It's over.
A Hashira?
What a ghastly monster!
What is that thing?
Ms. Kanroji?
Are you okay?
Sorry I'm late!
That was really cutting it close, huh?
M-Ms. Kanroji!
Tanjiro...
You can take a break now! Good job!
I'm proud of you!
I-I can't hear because my eardrums burst.
Right.
Tanjiro...
I'm going to rescue
Nezuko and Genya, all right?
You damn slip of a girl...
So just leave the rest to me!
Wait!
That's an Upper Rank!
It's an Upper Rank demon!
I call the elemental name of love...
I've always been looking for it
Where did love go astray?
I keep struggling in the endless nights
The absurdity is just
going circles in this world
I'm feeling my life trembling so hard
What chaos,
falling in love in these times
No matter how many times
sorrow overwhelms the world
Your elegant, dancing blade
Will clear the way so dreams can pass
I wish we could love each other
and laugh together
I wish I could protect
all kindhearted people
If I wish earnestly,
it will surely come true
I hear your voice calling me
Soon, sunrise will burn the sky
as we see in our dreams
I ran beyond the fluttering flag
With this beautiful world,
I'm deeply in love
PART 9
So when's...
our turn?
Hey, when's my turn?
Huh? Huh?
I'm not detecting any traces of the enemy!
Where the hell's the enemy?
It's not happening for a while! Our turn!
Huh?
All right, we're gonna carry out today's mission,
then move on to the next mission.
Next, Episode 10,
"Love Hashira Mitsuri Kanroji."
You better demolish
that Upper Rank demon!
Got that?
Senpachiro?
TO BE CONTINUED